if its about practicality tuk gotcha. equipped with functional workshops with edge cutting pieces of tech. within reach anywhere from the cbd
It was a fantastic experience... actually easier than l thought.,. thanks to google maps for making life easier especially in urban areas...you are the best
Technical University of Kenya is a science and Technology research centre. All Engineering fields are offered with high quality teaching. Students are trained for the real world.
It a cool place with good environment of studying, it offer all type of engineering courses and sciences, it has good parking lots and even wheelchair entrance and parking is available. Almost every location inside the institution compound we have sanitizer and even running water
The SCMS provides opportunity for students to engage in B.Tech programmes that are just superb in that it equips learners not only with the theoritical knowledge but also the Technical skills! Love it 💖 . The hands on skills are the heart of the industrial work! …
A good learning institution for technical courses that require machines.They are available in the school
Depending on the department you are in, you may either have the best education and services or else you have the worst of all.
My experience was neutral however.
Being my school, I enjoy being in this place, and its proximity to town and several services, security, health monetary and many more
Nice school equipped with highly experienced lecturers
A center of excellence located at the heart of Nairobi.
TUK is a beautiful place to be though it has not been furnished to its expected level.
It's a beautiful place with easy access to all that one would need in life... would you expect less from an institution within the CBD
Technical University of Kenya offers exceptional technical education with modern facilities and industry-relevant curriculum. Highly recommended!
The halls and structures were God looking. The toilets though we're not very clean by afternoon hours. The water was cut off. The food from their mess was good.
Technical TUK, a bastion of technological prowess, harmonizes intellectual innovation with professional expertise. The institution's technical prowess is manifest in its avant-garde facilities, where cutting-edge laboratories and workshops …
A good university for technical courses ,but geographically not that good
I've studied Mechanical Engineering in the university: the lecturers are passionate awesome people generally. Also have to commend the finance department, they're constantly diligent under the high pressure they take. Big ups TUK!
Comfortable and flexible to all kind of the human desire. Always secure.
This is one of the best universities in East Africa. It provides students with real life experiences, which helps students excel not only in a academics, but also in spiritual and mental aspects. All facilities regarding studies and …
Thank you Dr Austin and the team for the good work. The hand sanitizer was of good quality and all our guest loved it. Furthermore, the offers was amazing and custom-made services were on point, this went along in making the day super-exciting. On behalf of Meg and Morgan, we say a big thank you, we are beyond grateful. Quality service makes a Happy client.
The school is one of it's own kind. What is admirable is that it is headed run and supported by lecturers who have mastery of the content delivered. Curriculum offered is more practical and field based. The laboratory and work-friendly and …
Its a loveable,  likeble experience.  Although it doesn't cover a large geographical area since its located within the Nairobi City CBD, in appearance its attractive.  Education here is the key thing. The school doesn't have hostels on premises though so they have to find options from nearby private hostels or rent.
I like the fact, I'm writing this review as an alumni of TuK. This is the university where the first locally made vehicle was designed and fabricated that was called Nyayo one. …
Nice fine University in Kenya that emerged as a result of The old Kenya Polytechnic transformation to a University. The place has good parking space. The campus is well situated just right in the middle of town. The university too has a …
The place is quiet cool, Wi-Fi is available 24/7,there is plenty if clean and cool water,it gets colder at night and daytime depends on the whether that is available.There is no historic background of the place,since the hostels only provide accommodation to the young men .
Nice good with a cool environment for higher learning fully equipped with all necessary materials for learning but the government should invest more in the organization for it to be able to serve more students @comrades as it looks forward to 100% transition.
The school is near railway station.it has good entrance for wheelchair. It offers high quality academic programs. It also has modern facilities to equip students . Finally it has a staff which is dedicated very well
A great institution for engineering and technical courses with sufficient facilities for one to comfortably learn. lecturers teach well and give practical examples and are well informed.
Where Engineers and Technicians/Technologists are manufactured
The best place to harden in the real world situation. No hostels so accommodation will cost a fortune, welcome to your survival training lol
My friend this shouldn't even be a university, should be a village polytechnic with the smallest space. worst university
Technical University of Kenya is located opposite the Central Bank of Kenya and Kenya Revenue Authority. The surrounding is noisy but inside is quiet, serene and cool with adequate packing, water and sanitation. The Christan Union and faculty and staff Christian fellowship makes the atmosphere spiritually sound.
its a good institution but they should improve their services and release results earlier
I like the fact that, the university does not only equip you with academic skills, but also other economic skills that actually enable you to survive in Nairobi. So I bet no TUK students graduates and then goes back to the village and start …
The school is located just along a road. It has good learning resources and for co-curricular activities.
This is the best place to be for chemistry field. Being here for last three years and counting and in comparison with the person I'm now,it's totally different. I've grown academically, socially and phycological.
This is the worst University  ever.
I cant recommend one to this poorly managed school.students been forced to defer the school cos I could not pay my fee before deadline irregardless of whether …
Nutrition department. Why does it take a lifetime to process our transcripts and certificates even after completion of our course and graduation.
The training is good but we need them for our licensing. It beats the purpose of …
Where my undergraduate degree was conferred, December 2014. Awesome place, great facilities, in the heart of the Nairobi CBD. It really is educating and training for the real world!
Currently on my final year as a marketing student. Its the best place to study any business related course, encourages social diversity and interactions through the student center located near the cafeteria, has a really great …
The school has lectures who are dedicated to bring   change  to the department and make it a center of excellence and ready to  share   their knowledge to students that can help them career wise.
Very disciplined students, clean environment with professional stuff and lecturers
Good place, for learning, they are one of the best engineering universities in Kenya, I also like their modern technology when getting into the library. Other universities should adopt this.
This the best place to be , TUK IS The most respected Engineering school in Kenya offering variety of courses , a real world training  with various with distictive workshops and Laboratories
Dr. Austin,
Please remove the photo of that child with a mask. I must say that it does not go well with a reputable organization like TUK to post children wearing masks. …
Wow place to have a study at.
A reputable technical higher education institution.
Hi guys! I urgently need more info about TUK.  I mean like what is the weather like, does the TUK provide accommodation, any campus societies/clubs that help non Kenyans with more about Kenyan culture and languages
It's located in a nice place plus a good learning center but small in size
This is an institution of higher learning. The skills earned here are top notch highly recommended
Beautiful university ❤
currently pursuing electrical engineering.It has good labs and equipment and the social life is not bad.Best university in Kenya for technical and Engineering courses and also learn more about life
One of the archives in the name of a Library. No modern books for Bachelor of Engineering students.
How can a B.Eng student be taught using a Technologist book... TUK needs to improve on this. No wonder EBK is not registering you
Very rude Secretary in the Academic Registrar's  office, and not Willing to assist, she asked students to write down their issues on a piece of paper to be forwarded to the registrar himself but she doesn't, her work is just to keep on …
Though currently called Technical University of Kenya, it's a good engineering school you'd want to consider if interested in that field.
It is a admirable place to be full of nice security and anaesthetic environment with fresh air and also social services available 😍😍 you will love  💘 it …
One of the most reputable universities of all time. Located in the heart of Nairobi it is very accessible too.
Paid a courtesy call to VC TUK , Prof. Oduol. Glad to have been appointed as PS Rep in their Council.
Good learning institutions
full of incompetent stuff and has a corrupt students council.the school  administration should ire professional lecturers. otherwise its a great school  with proper management to become a leading learning institution in kenya
This place is just wow. I love this university for its cool enabling environment for studies. God bless TUK.
Not a pleasant experience at the admissions office from an elderly lady. She was not only rude but seemed like she's not knowledgeable in her work.
Fast entrance clearance, good aesthetic view outside...but they can do better. It's a university in th city and should be made like it.
It's a nice university but has very few hostels which accommodate a few percentage of the student population
They have a great conference facility
TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY OF KENYA will always be my best because as it has mould intellectuals in this country..so is it going to mould me.I believe it will attain its international sooner than anyone would anticipate.
The environment is cool and the compound is kneat. Classes are enough though furnitures should be added to accommodate all students
Technical University of Kenya, offers technical courses
Good school with alot of Students as it should be
Also good studying takes place with a wide variety of course to choose and learn
TUK is my dream university....am eagerly waiting to join the university to start my career life🔥🔥
I love the features en the location too
Waiting to join ☺️ …
TUK offers quality education which is tailored towards ensuring that the learner gets practical skills to be applied in the job market
It was a good experience
It's a nice university with well planned buildings that fit into the small land being in the CBD. Nmependa sana hapa.
Amazing place, if u went there and u needed some help, the hospitality is on another level
Classrooms require significant facelift. Classroom facilities, like chairs, should be replaced with new and study friendly ones with book-rests for easy writing by students.
A great university with great technical facilities,well maintained and modern buildings and a rich history
The IET registration offices are found on this block. The place had pleasant staff
Its a cool learning area with an exciting environment full of friendly people
Started as Kenya Polytechnic ... Now elevated to University status, TUK facilities and academic environment are thriving.
It was cool and fine there is sanitizing,,hand washing, physical distance and masking
just want to join the institution to pursue Dip in Printing technology.
must i go through KUUCPS or there is option?
Fantastic place to study in great lecturers and students... It has all a university can offer
Technical University of Kenya.. Really up to date syllabus covered with modern Engineering Machines. Am a B.Eng(Mech) student there.
Where practical day to day life courses are nurtured 🥰🥰 …
Centrally located proximal to almost ⅔ bus 🚌 stage. Nikibeba Matoke na manyabwari,aah no more headaches in the streets …
Beautiful environment diversity of culture and way of life ...best area for technical and mental growth in education
The best
Education and Training for the real World 🌎 …
Within CBD and easily accessible while in town
It is a great place of learning. The school offers great technical courses and the learning environment is cool😊 …
The place to be!! Technical University of Kenya
Enroll for a good chemistry course there!!
Before it was upgraded into a university, it was amongst the best polytechnics in Kenya.
Nice college with all tht a candidate requires n their accreditation shud be awarded
Very great place to study.
Encouraging environment for students
Tuk is a good well equipped university for engineering purposes
Itz cool, itz fun. Am a QS stude there n i can tell you,, all TECHNICAL courses means a success in life
Cool environment
I liked it
I was kindly treated...at the finance office receptionist.
I pray they will handle my case with immediate effect
It was fine and great actually
Worst university in Kenya with crowded facilities and alot of suspicious characters but on the other side it offers technical studies but would do with complete face lift
In this school,people learn and get educated for the real world.
Engineering is the best of them all!!
Great place to be
perfect is hardly achieved but it's definitely worth it..a good place to be
One of the best universities ever visited
Quite good
great service
A good place I can recommend to anyone interested
The place is amazing..I would recommend some one there
Good time with long time cousin
A top-rated university of Technology.
Quite accessible to the public if you say you want to go to the administration office.
The service delivery is only good if you have the whole day
Fantastic it offers quality education and trainings
TUK is fabulous and fantastic. You should visit this place.
It's my school, it has a warm welcome with good education
Well built, well planned and has a scenic view of the city.
It's a nice place to be, with good environmental
An institute which truly fulfils its motto of training scholars for the real world.
The people there are friendly and are ready to assist where necessary.
Was there for the past for years since 2015 ..can't regret taking my studies there
Though located on small parcel of land but offers high quality services and produces best engineers nationaly👍 …
It's the best in academics but bad in accomodation and host of new students
Convenient, accessible and diverse... Parking space is limited though...
I like the environment of TUK and the cold breeze below the lecture theatre
The University offers the best market driven courses.
Best institution  for engineering  studies
Best school,
But limited space inside
A public university at the heart of Nairobi. I'll give more details when I enrol for an Engineering course
Ideal for social functions too
Amazing place. Within the city but sometimes accommodation is a problem
Great university....no covid observation though
Its a useful experience ..don't miss to try it
a quite memorable place
Somehow good though too much sun and dust
The best place you can ever be!
A world-class teaching institution for computer technology courses
If you never graduated from technical  university  of Kenya and you are technologst then you are the outcast of the society
Interesting
The place is good with very supportive people
Am very happy to be in TUK good place to be
Best technical university in central and east africa
It the best institution offering engineering courses in Kenya
Besides your degree, it trains you how to live in a city with little money or no income.
A good university to be. Good learning facilities.
Geographically small but great university
A serene place condusive for learning
Best University  for Technical course in the Country of Kenya
A cool place to train mechanical engineering. Facilities wangwan
Squeezed considering it's proximity to Kenya Railways Headquarters.
The best place to be with all facilities of learning.....
Great place to undertake technical courses
Very much nice university for technical courses.
Quite good planning to join soon
Best place for Academic Excellence!
It's a good place to be treated
One of the best universities in Kenya ✌️
Am currently in the school.I am ready to be sharpened my brain wit.
Good place and secure...
Good and attractive place
Learning is like business in this place...
It's sweet place to learn from
Nice institution for technical courses
Loved my time at the institution
Well equipped engineering labs and libraries
Nice place in cbd
Cool University to build your career
It's awesome
Phitoscentric
Loved it
Chill and beautiful
Best Chemistry University in Kenya
This University is just amazing
I am having fun.
Small space well utilized
Best place to study
It's the best❤
Its good app to have it
I love my school.....
Great
Best University
Very resourceful.
it is a college that carries excellence in the fields of engineering and economics, it is a college with lecturers who know and know if they know
Love tuk
Place
TUK
Tuk Na di best,,
love this school