The University of Western Australia has a stunning campus with beautiful architecture and well-maintained grounds. The combination of open spaces, gardens, and scenic views makes it a pleasant place to visit. The atmosphere is peaceful and …
Definitely one of the most beautiful university campuses I’ve ever visited. People here have been lovely to me and it’s a huge campus. Definitely recommend to bring an umbrella or hat to avoid getting sunburnt. …
I have a profound love for old-fashioned architecture, and whenever I stroll through such places, my curiosity about their history becomes an inherent part of the journey, like the past is intertwined with the present. …
Beautiful campus gardens to wander around early in the morning, with the Matilda Bay foreshore nearby as well.
Lovely campus and a great place to study. Some lovely gardens and both new and historical buildings make up campus. Everything you need is on campus and there is 24/7 security so you always feel safe.
Horrible Service from UniPark, Very Disappointing
My cousin recently called the UniPark department to inquire about on-campus …
I have applied to this university for my bachelors in biomedical science they gave me conditional offer letter within a week, however after taking GS interview they said your interview got clear and then they asked from to give them a …
The campus is exceptional. As an international student at UWA, each day this campus is rewarding.
I love this place.. I was thinking while wandering around.. During the time that this university has been here, I wonder how many peoples minds have been expanded, by the wisdom and knowledge of the lecturers and professors that work …
Such a lovely location to walk around on a weekend. Scenic and peaceful with many places to sit and relax.
The University of Western Australia (UWA) is one of the oldest universities in the country. The stunning architecture is truly impressive and adds to its timeless charm.
Over a century old world class campus situated on a beautiful landscaped prime land with state of art facilities offering  traditional  faculties to modern Business Schools and Research. They have excellant accomodation facilities and a truly multi racial society.
Beautiful place. The peacocks which roam freely around the campus as well as the family of ducks truly add to the character of this historic institution, sat right next to King’s Park.
Free to roam around the campus. Very picturesque, easily as nice as many university campuses in Europe Ive been to. …
Beautiful and fresh asmosphere. Im super amazed that they have many peacocks in the middle of the campus without any cages!!! WoW
Loved this candlelight orchestral concert of Queen songs. The musicians were extremely professional and the venue was perfect. All together a magical event.
Attended a market here. The campus is beautiful and well maintained. Love the peaceful atmosphere.
The University I studied in, really a beautiful place, its modern yet quirkey with the rustic look. Very beautiful at night. Have loads of animals, can be sort of a tourist stop as the building itself is majestic. One of the better Universities in Perth, have a good education system, and everyone is friendly.
The first time I set foot on this place, I felt like I am in Hogwarts, with its old buildings. The feeling got stronger during graduation day when I can see many people (graduates) wearing their robes and all. …
Hi .hopefully you will be good...
Can I get admission in your university?5 years gap after BBA till now …
Brilliant experience listening to the amazing music scores of Hans Zimmer in a wonderful venue that is Winthrop Hall. The orchestra was sensational and created a superb atmosphere. A very enjoyable event!
10 out of 5 by default due Queens music... in addition beautiful location (UWA) and performance well executed.
Bravo
The campus is very nice, with a relaxing atmosphere. So, if you are a tourist in Perth, I would recommend a visit. The Roman-looking buildings and the tropical gardens are the nicest things to see.
Winthrop Hall is a beautiful venue for a candlelight orchestra concert.
UWA is incredible venue for wedding photos and we enjoyed being part of this special day
A lovely place to attend the Perth Upmarket. Beautiful buildings and lovely gardens for also Weddings
Candle light concert was excellent tonight, so glad we finally went.
Beautiful campus situated allies with Swan river...
I think, The university of western australia is one of the best in australia, and this university produces graduates who are ready to compete in the world.
Today is my daughter graduation day.
We bought our tickets to attend the ceremony .
Surprise no seats available, we were directed to stream live . Surprise its not …
Gorgeous place to study. Beautiful architecture, well-furnished library, clean and the food court is amazing! (cant believe theyve got a Boost and some other tasty goods).
Completed my thesis here. Has been the best university experience I’ve had. The campus is beautiful too.
A group of my friends (9 of us) attended the Joe Hisaishi candlelight concert, it was brilliant ! We enjoyed every moment of listening to beautiful music and Winthrop Hall @ UWA was definitely a stunning venue. I highly recommend all the candlelight concerts :)
Magic experience, delightful orchestra, iconic songs, beautiful setting!
Excellent location for a fantastic candle light concert performance of Queen.
The Candlelight Concerts are wonderful ✨️
Thank you.
UWA is one of the most beautiful universities in the world!
Such a beautiful campus. It’s easy to go there to study. A lovely calm place and every mode of transport is covered with lots of safety for pedestrians too
One of the excellent institution for international studies in Australia.
Lovely atmosphere with the splendid view of swan river, makes the campus very picturesque! …
I went there while getting visa from the US embassy. It was a beautiful tropical campus. Diversified and vibrant.
Wonderful campus with friendly staff members. Always happy and willing to assist and support students. …
Very good reputation as the best uni in Perth. At least in the social sciences and humanities, they dont live up to this standard anymore. There are some excellent staff members, but they fired several world-leading researchers and teachers and did not replace them. Still a good place to study, but in decline since a few years.
Came here for a high school excursion. The entire day we spent doing tasks around the school and I genuinely enjoyed it. The layout of the school is rather big but they seem to have so many course options so they do need the space. Around …
A Group of 8 university. The University of Western Australia (UWA) at Crawley is a prestigious institution with a beautiful campus located along the Swan River. The university offers a wide range of undergraduate and postgraduate programs …
Known as WAs best University. Beautiful campus which doubles as a place for the community to gather for events. Heavily supported by the government and is beloved by the whole community. A great place to go, books mostly cheap (though not tuition) and is a great place to just hang out and look at their beautiful pond.
More for students than aged groups did look after us well though
Went to candlelight orchestra tribute to Queen tonight. Winthrop Hall is a lovely venue. The orchestra were amazing and the conductor was very welcoming. Definitely recommend.
A lovely date night experience enjoyed by my husband and I listening to beautiful music. Such talented musicians.
Very much enjoyed UWA as a student in my day many years ago and I had no hesitation encouraging my child to attend here. However, their experience so far seems very different to mine. The staff appear much less willing to actually teach …
Guys, if you want to save your time and money, then dont apply for this university. I applied and paid the application fees. They close my application without accessment and ask me to apply again for next semester. I dont know they …
I would not study Psychiatry at UWA. The truth is it is based on Mormon practices. Just like I would never work for the public trust. All the control no freedom for the individual. Dont study psychiatry unless you believe in the Joseph Smith theory. It makes me wonder was Sigmund Freud a practicing Mormon?
Lovely little octagon theatre enjoyed graduation here.
I went to see the movie How to Please a Woman Im an extra in with three of my girl friends. We had a fantastic time. It is a fantastic venue. Way better than any indoor cinema in my opinion.
As others have stated UWA is only interested in your money! Administration staff are extremely rude and on a power trip, emails and phone calls never get responded to and when you go in to speak to someone in person they are never available …
Lovely environment not just focused on the facilities but also on the fauna and flora. The campus is simply amazing with a wide range of buildings for various subjects. Faultless.
I studied Sport Science here, but only for less then a semester due to illness, forcing me to defer. The campus is massive, which is tiring when you have to walk from one side to the other every day (or several times a day), however, it is …
The UWA campus was superb; there are plenty of opportunities to study a variety of courses, ranging all the way from law to biomedicine. The lush tropical gardens and old campus buildings create a pleasant atmosphere overall.
Fever candlelight concerts are always a superb performance with amazing musical talents in wonderful venues - a really unique experience
Beautiful old university.
Beautiful school with great scholars and extraordinary scientists.
Best university experience for postgraduate students . Lots of clubs and societies for student development and socializing. Parking issue still exists. Definitely one of the best universities with respect to Covid 19 performance. Highly recommended to study here.
I study Microbiology and Immunology, and overall it has been a great experience. The Crawley campus is beautiful, with lush vegetation and many species of resident birds, and the quality of the teaching I have received is high. No …
Wonderful Campus. This must be one of the most attractive locations in Australia. Students will enjoy this green and spacious setting.Internationally a high flyer University with bespoke courses and academically high powered staff.Lots of …
Lovely spot, lots of hidden gardens and beautiful buildings.
This is the oldest University in Western Australia. The best University in the region. It is the most prestigious among the G8 Universities in Australia. You will love the specious and cool environment of the University. The quality of …
One of the best place to pursue your academic and research dreams. It attracts the best both from local students and from abroad. It has strong collaborative and apllied research that benefits the teaching and opens future employment …
Sadly all that can be said in support of (some of) the departments us that they have pretty buildings. In that sense they are useful for weddings and other non-teaching activities.
Glorious campus. Octagon Theatre was fantastic.
In my personal experience the campus was beautiful and some of the staff were kind. However, some staff would just read from the slides during lectures. It took weeks and weeks to get back marks. If youre sick and your attendance drops …
The experience is great, meet new people, make new friends as well as learning the latest information with associate scholar.  Now more clubs than ever time to join and have fun. The tavern is great place for an arvo meet up.  The best …
There is a very nice view point.
Giving one start as there is no option to give zero stars. Horrible experience as a student at UWA and just warning others to avoid this university!
This uni is the best in WA. Comparing it to Curtin is an insult. Murdoch cops a fat L; ECU who? This campus is beautiful. Right next to it is an amazing view of the swan river - good spot for jogging/running. Facilities are great and heaps …
Beautiful campus.. nice lush gardens. Teaching environment is one of the best. If you have a chance to go here, its amazing.
Cut funding and is shutting down Symbiotica, one of the most important and historic centers for art + science research.
I dont study here but come just to visit with my sons. Hugh campus with lots of lush greens and stone buildings. Lovely. Looks like a good place for univ education.
There is a white peacock here
What a nice and proper place to study. I will be there, definitely. ive been searching for a proper place to study abroad since last year, especially in Aussy, then i found UWA as the only one campuss that agree with my criteria. Located …
These guys are so bad.
Emails dont get sorted, they just kick you off without answering your questions. …
I am currently enrolled in a third year of bachelors degree in computer science. The reputation of this university is not to be made any more, it is a great place to study, spend time and learn new amazing things. Highlight : sushis at the guild café.
Great gardens for walks and opposite Matilda Bay
They have lovely a lovely peacock family. How beautiful💕🥰💕 …
The worst experience ever. And I have been studying whole my life in different universities. …
Best Uni in WA - focuses on Law, Science, Arts and Commerce. Grounds are beautiful and in the most serene location. Highly recommended for weddings in the secret garden too.
Staff, work on your people skills! Some of the staff here think they are somehow above you because they work at UWA. If they behave (smart alec, know everything type) the way they do here in a business or customer service environment …
Great University great location incomparable scenic points on Swan river edges. Excellent in research and honour to be graduating from UWA for anyone.
Heard a lot about the greatness of this institution. I have applied for MPH online. Submitted my application paying application fees of 100 AUD. They assess applications ONLY after you pay the fees. I paid mine on 31 December, 2016. Thy …
An unrivaled university with a beautiful campus, amazing professors and friendly staffs. Got most of my fondest memories of school here.
Good uni with well manicured grounds great for getting photos less great if you are studying there as there are some key issues that you realise during your time there overall 4/5 because of these minor issues bringing it down
Beautiful venue. Fantastic sound.
I admire UWAs goal to be in worlds top 50 universities in the future.  A beautiful campus.  Why wouldnt UWA be a top consideration if you needed to study in WA !
Incredible evening. Highly recommend
Its a great university. The campus is beautiful and has a lot of history. Its also one of the best universities in the country to study at.
Nice campus, poor quality education, overpriced food/degrees/everythingoncampus, horrendous parking. …
This campus is the main campus of the university of western Australia (UWA). The other two are not to far (the medical campus in Monash Avenue and Claremont campus for Celt, and Nedlands campus of public health studies which is just on the …
Appalling service, terrible student experience.
If you can study your course elsewhere, it would be wise to. To obtain information from UWA is like trying to get blood out of a stone!
Horrible University. Extremely inflexible, unhelpful lecturers and staff ( and system) who dont understand real life, and never work to help you get through your study. Its about money trap, not about getting you qualified. Their favourite motto is not our problem.
Good university overall except the standard of international students, particularly some from India. Get admitted with fake degrees and often get involved in all sorts of anti-social activities and associated corruption. If corruption is not there you can depend on them to introduce it.
Beautiful Campus, sometimes even peacocks roam around. Expensive, specially if you are an international student. However, the quality of education is exceptional.
If you want to waste 3-5 years of your life getting a useless degree then this is the right place. UWA has no industrial placement arrangements for their students so once you graduate, you are on your own. Most students think that jobs will …